# IASA
Integrated scheduling–assessing system
The ISAS was developed based on machine learning to significantly reduce the solution time required for the optimization algorithm of the reservoir operation by quickly assessing the operation effects in the river-connected lake far from the mainstream reservoir. The system consists of three models, namely a reservoir schedule model (RSM) to search for optimal schemes that satisfy the objectives (i.e., to maximize the electricity generation efficiency and mitigate the river-connected lake drought); a mainstream routing model (MRM) to compute the water flow along the main river channel; and a long-term lake-level forecasting model (LFM) to simulate the lake-level variation during the reservoir optimal scheduling period, and thus calculate the value of the drought index.
In the scheduling–assessing system, the response of the river-connected lake conditions to the scheduling of the mainstream reservoir was simulated by the LFM and MRM, and the two models were coupled in the RSM in the computation of the objective functions. For each randomly generated scheme (a series of reservoir water levels meeting the water level constraints), a corresponding series of reservoir discharges and electricity generation efficiencies were calculated. The reservoir discharges were input into the MRM and the river discharge results near the river–lake junction were, then input into the LFM. Thus, the corresponding value of the lake drought index was obtained. The non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA-II), was used to sort and calculate the objective function values yielded by the randomly generated scheduling scheme. Finally, the Pareto optimal solutions (a group of scheduling scheme) were obtained. As these models ignore the physical process, the simulation consumes very less time, despite the long distance and large scale of the study area. The entire procedure was computed in MATLAB software, and consumed only some hours to obtain a group of Pareto optimal solutions.
